hi i'm johnny from ultimate paper-mache
calm when i wish everybody a really
happy new year I hope the holidays are
really fun for you I wanted to show off
today well the project that I worked on
this week this is going to be a short
video I just wanted to show this off it
kept me inside away from the snow it was
kind of fun and I and I kind of liked
the guy actually this is the first one I
think I've ever named I'm calling him
the lodge brother he's wearing a very
simplified bear hat and bear fur hanging
down from it some bear claws and some
buttons made out of antler I made this
guy the same way that I made the other
one
this guy here using the the was it
called that liquid shade in a plaster
mold I am having a little bit of problem
with the plaster molds not with the Hat
portion because it's very simplified
almost abstract so there's no real fine
details on there but on on the faces the
the places where the plaster will stick
up on the inside of the mold relief in a
really fine detail like the mouth and
around the eyes I'm actually losing
those pieces when I pull the casting out
of the mold so I'm only getting to use
them once I think probably using casting
plaster rather than plaster of Paris
might help but we don't have a pottery
supply store here so if you have any
other ideas please let me know like I
said this one was made exactly the same
way as the other one was done so you can
go back and see that other video if
you're interested in how to use the
liquid in a plaster mold then I just
painted him like usual and then I put
this hanger on the back when I when I
combined the two pieces with paper mache
clay I also finished the inside with
paper mache clay and then combine the
two pieces together and I just put this
little brass hanger
in there it's really tight I think
that's a really good way to do it this
should work with any paper mache clay
wall hanging - if you have access to the
back of it when the paper mache clay is
drying that doesn't always happen but if
it does this is a good I think I got
these from amazon.com you get like a
hundred of them fur and what is it seven
dollars or something they're really
cheap so that's it for today I really
didn't have a whole lot to show you be
sure to come over to my blog at ultimate
paper mache calm and show off the
project that you've been working on
lately I would love to see it we'll see
you there bye bye